1. Create navbar class with a header element for the logo and nav element housing the Home, Features & Docs list items.
   This is housed in a container class.
2. Reset the box-sizing, margin, padding of all html elements within the css file. Border-box includes an element's border
   and padding as part of the element's width & height It doesn,t include margin
3. Remove text decoration from links
4. Set top & bottom margin for the h1, h2, p elements
5. Set image width to fill the respective container
6. Set container with a max width, margin & padding
7. Add flex utility class to the container class
8. Set flex class for width for items to fill the container
9. Set flex class for only the navbar to align the items on opposite sides of the containers
10. Set the ul to display items horizontally
11. Create section with showcase paragrapgh underneath it there should be a button that redirects user to the features page
12. Create a card class underneath the section housing a form with a send button
13. Add required validation for all the form inputs
14. Create a custom CSS variable for the background color and apply it where necessary
15. Create grid utility class with 2 columns of equal width and gap of 20px
16. Set the grid class for only the showcase to have 2 columns of width 55% and 45% from L-R and gap of 30px
17. Create and style the card utility class giving it rounded corners ,box-shadow, padding, margin
18. Position the showcase card class as relative and apply top & height values
19. Set the overflow created within the showcase grid class as visible
20. Set the z-index so form is always first in the stack
21. Set the margin for the form input classes
22. Set the border-bottom & width for the form-control input types
23. Remove outline when form input type is in focus
24. Style the btn class by setting the display, padding, cursor, color, border, border-radius values
25. apply hover effect on btn to scale down
26. Apply before and after psedo classes to showcase class and set the skew property value
27. Add prefixes to the skew to cater for the different web browsers 
28. create a section for stats housed in a container
29. Create a div housing the font awesome icons 
30. Set padding for stats class 
31. Create grid class for stats with 3 columns. Apply relevant properties
32. Set the margin & padding utility classes for the stats using rem unit(1 rem = 16px). 
33. Center the stats-heading class with a max width
34. Create cli section with an image and 2 cards housed in grid utility class
34. Set the cli class to have 3 cols and 3 rows with the image spanning across the relevant col/rows
35. Create cloud section in html and apply relevant utility classes
36. Set cloud grid with 2 columns of 4fr and 1fr
37. Set utility classes for the background and button classes
38. Create languages section with card elements and set its display to flex
39. set the card elements to wrap onto next line on smaller viewports
40. create a hover effect on the cards where they transition upwards
41. Create footer class and set padding and background color
42. Space out the social links